You are the land circle
Who are you? What do you want?
Don't talk, how can you interrupt?
Blind your dog eyes
Hit my friend
Your Majesty, kneel down now and let my friend call back
I can spare you.
Otherwise, Tianwang Lao Tzu can't save you today
I know you will
You'll spank your ass and use this to mess around
This is not the background to know this
Ah!
Is it something I don't know or is there a problem with your ears?
Are you Haiyan?
Now that you recognize me
People who dare to hit me
I won't give you some color today to see if I can't do it.
I'm sorry, I can't control the itching.
Does it hurt?
Hey
I didn't catch what you just said. Say it again.
Fuck me and kill this brat